Add `no-negated-condition` rule (#1963)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/no-negated-condition.md

# Disallow negated conditions

✅ This rule is enabled in the `recommended` [config](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn#preset-configs).

🔧 This rule is automatically fixable by the [`--fix` CLI option](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/command-line-interface#--fix).

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->
<!-- Do not manually modify this header. Run: `npm run fix:eslint-docs` -->

> Negated conditions are more difficult to understand. Code can be made more readable by inverting the condition instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Negated conditions are more difficult to understand. Code can be made more readable by inverting the condition.
```

> Improved version of the [`no-negated-condition`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-negated-condition) ESLint rule, which is automatically fixable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an improved version of the [`no-negated-condition`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-negated-condition) ESLint rule that makes it automatically fixable. [ESLint did not want to make it fixable.](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/14792)
```
